index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero_section:
    hero_title: "Welcome to the UK Data Linkage Community"
    hero_subtitle: "Strengthening production and use of linked data through collaboration"
    img: "/assets/images/banners/guerrillabuzz-7hA2wqBcSF8-unsplash.jpg"

sections:
  - title: "An open resource"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-element5-1370296.jpg"
    content: |
      Sharing knowledge, best practice, and materials for those working in data linkage and entity resolution.
    link:
      text: "Learn More"
      url: "/about/"
      
  - title: "Cross-sector and Collaborative"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-pixabay-163064.jpg"
    content: |
      Members represent a wide range of backgrounds including local and national government, academia, healthcare, and industry.
    link:
      text: "Members"
      url: "/people/"
      
  - title: "Joining"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-fauxels-3184305.jpg"
    content: |
      To get involved with the UK Data Linkage community, visit the Join page.
    link:
      text: "Join"
      url: "/join/"
---

Commit message:

chore: remove outdated photos, update alt text for images from pexels and unsplash

index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero_section:
    hero_title: "Welcome to the UK Data Linkage Community"
    hero_subtitle: "Strengthening production and use of linked data through collaboration"
    img: "/assets/images/banners/guerrillabuzz-7hA2wqBcSF8-unsplash.jpg"
    img_alt: "Diagram from @guerrillabuzz on Unsplash"

sections:
  - title: "An open resource"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-element5-1370296.jpg"
    img_alt: "Selective Focus Photography of Bookshelf With Books from Element5 Digital on Pexels"
    content: |
      Sharing knowledge, best practice, and materials for those working in data linkage and entity resolution.
    link:
      text: "Learn More"
      url: "/about/"
      
  - title: "Cross-sector and Collaborative"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-pixabay-163064.jpg"
    img_alt: "Close Up Photography of Yellow Green Red and Brown Plastic Cones on White Lined Surface from Pixabay on Pexels"
    content: |
      Members represent a wide range of backgrounds including local and national government, academia, healthcare, and industry.
    link:
      text: "Members"
      url: "/people/"
      
  - title: "Joining"
    image: "/assets/images/banners/pexels-fauxels-3184305.jpg"
    img_alt: "Photo Of Woman Standing In Front Of People from fauxels on Pexels"
    content: |
      To get involved with the UK Data Linkage community, visit the Join page.
    link:
      text: "Join"
      url: "/join/"
---
